[Ruby] Add enumeration Concept Exercise (#1928)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/enumeration/.meta/design.md

## Learning objectives

- Learn what enumeration is

> - Learn how to use enumerable methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn how to use `Enumerable` methods
```
Alternatively, perhaps:

```suggestion
- Learn how to enumerate collections
```

> - Learn how to use enumerable functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn how to use enumerable methods
```

There are no functions in Ruby, the closest we have is Proc and lambda.

- Understand how to use a block

## Out of scope

- The yield keyword

## Concepts

> - `enumeration`: Know how to use basic enumerable methods (e.g. each, map, find, group_by, sort)

Reviewer: Each is not, `map`, `find` `group_by`, `sort`, these others are all `Enumerable`.  See comment about "white lies" to see if we can avoid it.  And if we can remove `each` from repeatedly being referenced by us as an "enumerable method".  Surely we should not lie to ourselves though.

Reviewer: The methods are not enumerable, but the objects that we use are, perhaps this is the "eh" area.

```suggestion
- `enumeration`: Know how to iterate enumerable objects. (e.g. methods such as `each`, `map`, `find`, `group_by`, `sort`)
```
Because `each` is required to be provided in order to allow an object to become enumerable, once provided, we can then `include Enumerable`, and whatever object includes that becomes an `Enumerable` type, while the `each` method itself is not from that module.  But we can iterate enumerable objects with that method... I think it avoids the "lie" that happens pretty commonly, enough that many people believe it much longer than they should.

- `using-blocks`: Know how to use a block.

## Prerequisites

- `arrays`: Know how to consume arrays

> - `hashes`: Know how to consume hashes

Reviewer: Consume implies a destruction.  perhaps `use arrays'?

Reviewer: (This is a "not blocking" change suggestion for sure.)
